EDU-681 The "Update" feature (#2034)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/go/how-to-send-an-update-from-a-client-in-go.md

title: How to send an Update from a Temporal Client in Go
sidebar_label: Send Update from Client
description: Use the UpdateWorkflow method on an instance of the Go SDK Temporal Client to send an Update to a Workflow Execution.
---

Invoke the UpdateWorkflow() method on an instance of the [Go SDK Temporal Client](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/client#Client) to dispatch an [Update](/concepts/what-is-an-update) to a Workflow Execution.

You must provide the Workflow Id, but specifying a Run Id is optional.
If you supply only the Workflow Id (and provide an empty string as the Run Id param), the currently running Workflow Execution receives the Update.

<a class="dacx-source-link" href="https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-go/blob/sync_update/sync_update/update/main_dacx.go">View source code</a>

```go
func main() {
// ...
	// Set the Update argument values.
	updateArg := sync_update.YourUpdateArg{
		Add: n,
	}
	// Call the UpdateWorkflow API.
	updateHandle, err := temporalClient.UpdateWorkflow(context.Background(), sync_update.YourUpdateWFID, "", sync_update.YourUpdateName, updateArg)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalln("Error issuing Update request", err)

> 		return

Reviewer: Dead code (but harmless)

---
id: how-to-send-an-update-from-a-client-in-go
title: How to send an Update from a Temporal Client in Go
sidebar_label: Send Update from Client
description: Use the `UpdateWorkflow()` method on an instance of the Go SDK Temporal Client to send an Update to a Workflow Execution.
tags:
  - go
  - how-to
---

> When an Update is sent successfully from the Temporal Client it is dispatched to a Worker where it is accepted or rejected through a validation process.
> Rejections do not result in an event being written to the Event History while an accepted update will result in a WorkflowExecutionUpdateAccepted event.
> Accepted updates are then executed on the worker and upon completion will cause a WorkflowExecutionUpdateCompleted event to be written to the Event History.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an Update is sent successfully from the Temporal Client, it is dispatched to a Worker where it is accepted or rejected through a validation process.
A rejected Update does not result in an Event being written to the Event History.
An accepted Update results in a `WorkflowExecutionUpdateAccepted` Event.
The accepted Update is then executed on the Worker and, upon completion, causes a `WorkflowExecutionUpdateCompleted` Event to be written to the Event History.
```

Use the `UpdateWorkflow()` method on an instance of the [Go SDK Temporal Client](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/client#Client) to send an [Update](/concepts/what-is-an-update) to a [Workflow Execution](/workflows#workflow-execution).

Pass in both the [Workflow Id](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-id) and [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) to uniquely identify the Workflow Execution.

> If only the Workflow Id is supplied (provide an empty string as the Run Id param), the Workflow Execution that is Running receives the Signal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If only the Workflow Id is supplied (provide an empty string as the Run Id param), the Workflow Execution that is running receives the Signal.
```

```go
// ...
updateArg := MyUpdateArg {
  Txt: "Some important data",
}
updateHandle, err := temporalClient.UpdateWorkflow(context.Background(), "your-workflow-id", runID, "your-update-name", updateArg)
if err != nil {

> 	log.Fatalln("Error issuing update request", err)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	log.Fatalln("Error issuing Update request", err)
```
